We stand on our people's intentions and motivations, motivations of them, joy and appreciation as
we discuss it.
We all know, we are one of the important beings on this planet, on this earth, and have all this
external, worldly level, out of luxuries, luxuries, that is again so beautiful.
And not just only that, we are all these good portrayals of the Dharma people's practices that you
've received.
I reject, you reject from so many great masters and observe that all in our heart and mind.
Some believe that our great joy and effort and the courage and commitment we are doing is really
wonderful.
Again, we have the courage and commitment, determination and promise that our world makes this more
stronger and better to benefit for all the living beings.
And really thinking, sincerely, from the heart and mind, we did joy and appreciation.
That is the foundation of the Dharma practices as well as also central column of all the practices.
In the GK world, we said we should practice with joy and appreciation.
Not kind of what I said, and worry, this and that thing. Really just come.
Even there is some difficulty, troubles involved, and we can perhaps something like that.
But this is not trying to reactivate that, those, all those things going on.
Just bring more joy, just a short time, for one hour, two hour, twenty-four minutes, and how our
brain is more joy and appreciation.
And put all those inside. That is also a retreat.
What a retreat means, putting all the mundane consumption, mundane activities on the side and back
to the center of where the league belongs.
Retreat and put all the worries and support, the glorious, keep that for one hour or half an hour
when we practice trying to do that.
Very more joy, more appreciation. And then fill with our heart with that and then both each other.
See the link, call it from the body, just thinking of all means, vastness, motivation of the body,
just really thinking that sincerely.
And we may all live with the printer of the sufferings.
And may all living beings have a great joy and peace, happiness, that never connected with
suffering in his head.
And they have great economic realization.
All those beautiful thoughts, intentions in the heart and mind.
And we spread out those good energy.
Then our practice for one hour, three hour, whatever, really, really, something more soothing, more
calming, more healing, more rewarding.
And yes, it will kind of shed all of that courage.
That's how we can put it, by our creation.
So they are reactivating those. Those are called foundation, basic things.
But the basic is so important. It is center, it is heart, it is foundation, it is cornerstone.
We shouldn't think all those are coming, basic and this and that.
That is, if we kind of, we kind of messed up the foundation of the practice, then we really missing
the point.
We miss become old, all the development, all everything what we do, then become a commerce that are
unstable with that.
So therefore, like this show, really joy, appreciation, bodhi japa, signaling bodhi japa.
With all the bodhi japa in the teaching, you openly say that no matter how much highest teaching
you receive,
you start making practice, it won't go to exactly target practice.
Therefore, practice, bodhi japa is so important.
It really will make everything perfect, everything beautiful, everything exactly as life relate to
me.
So therefore, this bodhi japa, and for that reason, Renma's department will say in his teaching,
you have one thing that is enough, it's bodhi japa, bodhi japa.
If you don't have one thing, no matter how much practice you have, we are missing the point, point
and we lost.
And that is what, bodhi japa.
So therefore, the true unmistakable, the cause and the condition of together enlightenment is bodhi
japa.
Therefore, may I have the true bodhi japa in my heart.
That's what great master, Catherine, will say.
This is the, as he said, all the Buddhas, all those bodhisattvas, all the energy masters, how much
appreciated the bodhi japa, really.
It's simple, it's love, kindness, completion.
Wisdom thought, that is what the bodhi japa is.
That will defeat the ego-clinging, that will defeat the obscurations,
that will purify the self-important attitude.
It will open the vast, vast, paranormal view of the true nature, exactly what we have.
Because why we're not getting a realization, enlightenment? Because it's blown by the ego-clinging,
we go by the self-important.
Regimen, the conception, we have to depend on all that.
When we break that, loosen that up, then, really, the Buddha-nature, the enlightenment, the youth-
coversed body,
will shine beautifully and go so perfectly in the teaching.
Mentioned in all the great practitioners, really mentioning those teachings, so we should always
remember that.
When we have those bodhi japa, enduring appreciation, beautiful colors in the heart and mind,
then, the realization of the three Gaias, or the three, you know, whole world, three, three
registered,
those come so easily in the teaching.
Really, those relaxations will shine because part of the bodhi japa will purify the tenderness, the
negativity, the obscurations.
Then, realization of three registered, of three Gaias is naturally inherent, inherent.
Naturally inherent in our nature of the mind.
It's really, in the teaching, all the masters, then it will shine so beautifully, so beautifully.
All the practicing and the fulfillment, the realization comes so, so nice and so beautiful.
So those are really, in the teaching sense, we should always remember.
Along with that, then it is always in the teaching making.
But he's told the literal body is highly likely that.
This is the poor, poor wealth of the practitioners, poor wealth, poor treasures, poor treasures.
Both these devotions, devotion to the lineage, that is one of the first wealth of the practitioners
.
Second wealth is the pure perception to each other.
When your brothers and sisters have the pure perceptions, respect and appreciation,
pure perception, that is second wealth and second treasures of the practitioners.
Third is, is, then have the great compassion talk.
Complete about all living beings as much as you can.
Start with your friends and family members and all the beings.
Compassion talk.
Have for all the beings of six realms, beings of the hell realms,
beings of the hungry gods and realms, beings of the animal realms,
beings of the human realms, beings of the usher realms,
beings of the gods realms.
Even the gods is, of course, gods realms, the whole place and all that.
But in the teaching making, they have so much trouble.
Particularly toward the end of their lives.
When the Karmic conditions are exorbitant of Phoenician,
they don't know, now they're going to change their life status.
Then really in the teaching making, they have so much suffering and trouble.
Because they see what's going to happen.
What they're hoping.
Before, completely, they were in the lala lands, so happy and joy and all that.
But now, suddenly, kind of lightly coming and see the situation changing.
And all the friends and all everyone before, so associated, so involved,
so targeted, one united.
But now they are kind of like almost just standing, just standing.
And their glory and beauties are demolition, getting done in a Dallas.
Dallas.
And they see, now they're going to live.
In the teaching making, that period of that stage is so much pain and suffering.
They really have so much trouble.
So they have trouble.
So there, all six rams have such a grip.
You can look, those are, I mean, the teaching making, clearly.
And the great master, the master of Nagarjuna making the letter to his friends.
And that, those are all the different signs that they're going to live these dark rams.
And they get it before they don't have any orders to their bodies.
But now they have orders, orders.
And before they have ornaments, we do flowers all day.
They also, those flowers are getting old.
Even you put the new one, it's just getting old.
Kind of, it's just, it makes it, completely, kind of really noticeable to among the groups.
And then all the friends, everyone is also very, somewhat technical.
Oh, now you're going to change.
You're going to leave this place.
But make sure you go there and make good things.
Come back here.
Again, we can enjoy all this.
There's some other thing.
But no matter whatever is really in the teaching, it's a lot of trouble.
So therefore, in the six rams, there's so much trouble called compassion.
Compassion is the root of the body.
Root of enlightenment.
As I said the other day, I mean, it's not just I'm saying.
The great master Kamala Chala.
See, enlightenment, compassion is root of enlightenment.
Root and both together is cause of enlightenment.
When you have the compassion, both together comes.
When you have the both together, then accumulate the variety.
All the six params come easily.
And then, enlightenment is just there.
Result is there.
If we have perfect cause and condition, then there is no doubt.
Not achieving the result.
So this third treasure of the practitioner is compassion.
All things as much as we can.
Kind of double up.
It's called very compassion in the heart and mind.
And that is the treasures of the practitioners.
The fourth treasure is seeing the situation as impermanent.
Always recognizing that impermanent is just here.
We are all in a roller coaster of impermanent.
Even though we're not detecting that immediately.
It's impermanent.
So therefore, that reality, all of it,
just have thought, that thought.
Thought, all of it.
When you have the understanding, the high light of the empowerment and understanding,
and that is known as one of the treasures of the practitioners.
So four treasures.
Four treasures, both with devotion to the lineage.
Second is pure perception.
All purity, pure perception is genuine of art.
But pure perception is also real. We purify our observations.
When we have the cataracts, when we have the jaundice problems,
we don't see things beautiful, exactly as it is.
But that is, when we don't see, it's not a problem of the others.
They're objects.
It's a problem of our jaundices, our cataracts.
When we remove the cataracts, we will see the beautiful image, exactly as it is.
So first of all, we are in the cataracts of the dualities,
cataracts of the self-importance.
And some kind of "I am I" from things,
"I am the good ones" and others are all that.
That notion is so strong.
This is not just only this time we created, but could pass them.
Within less times, we have that attitude.
Therefore, then even they have, "Oh, everyone is quite good."
We don't see the good side, good part of that,
and always highlight the weakness of that.
Weakness. If they have 70% percent, it's okay.
And 20% or 30%, we highlight 30% or higher.
We ignore the 70% or even 80%.
Or even maybe 95%.
We think it's not just the Buddha's teaching said or the great religious said.
We always highlight that.
And if somebody kindly, kindly pointed out,
"I am making some mistake," then immediately we burst out.
Burst out comes out on a defensive position.
We don't like to accept that.
Even the really we see in the Ann Arbor 6.
Why? Because the ego.
Ego is so perfect.
Ego is so right.
Everything what I do is quite okay.
Everything others don't do is not okay.
That perception, we have that.
That is the cataracts, the dualities.
So therefore, this really the pure perception, the way to open it, too.
And then particularly in the Vedic Annar teaching,
when we are practicing together as the one-man dalas
and practicing and receiving the teachings
and receiving the empowerment,
those are all in the teaching made that the Vajraya Gauras,
the Vajraya connected, the Vajraya Bharat and the Sastras,
that we will accomplish from now on until you need enlightenment.
Always accompany.
Even in the teaching mentioned,
they will accompany us, like in the bottle lamp.
In the bottle lamp, there is a lamp
and a wick, wick, wick, I think, W-I-C-K.
Wick, wick, and the bottle, the bottle liquid,
the bottle goes together to illuminate.
And the teaching mentioned that Vajraya Bharat and the Sastras
will accompany them all the way to the enlightenment
as wick and as liquid bottles.
That's how the bond is done.
In the Buddha teaching,
I've already mentioned, when you read the life story of the Buddha,
or in the Buddha's teaching,
all 10 said, "And you have the story of this, the past, this and that,
and then at the end, you should not take those individuals,
or else, this is that one, this and this one,
those all during the life of the Buddhas,
or this is the Chariputta, this is the Mungaputta,
or the Kachapa, or the Upali, or the...
I mean, all those really make a difference kind of...
They make different things happen,
and the Buddha gives the story,
and the prayer was a lifetime,
"This and that, this and that, and now they're this and that."
So it's mentioned.
So this is, I think, a long way to go.
So therefore, as much as we can kind and eyes to each other,
it's just a wonderful...
So those are the four triageals,
that he told the Dhanirum to highlight,
and it's not just again only his or his Dhanirum,
but in the teaching mentioned,
one, we have these four triageals,
and combined with them, all together,
and then, I think, really, it's just that we're well off,
and then, when we practice the dholki,
it will come so perfectly in a beautiful way.
And so that's what gets the kind of food.
Thanks, and now...